Issue #1731 - Add support for ':not' modifier (#1928)
IBM/FHIR: docs/src/pages/Conformance.md

Due to performance implications, the `:exact` modifier should be used for String searches where possible.

> At present, the `:missing` and `:not` modifiers are not supported for whole-system search nor for chained parameter search. For example, a search with query string like `subject:Basic.date:missing` will result in an `OperationOutcome` explaining that the search parameter could not be processed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At present, the `:missing` and `:not` modifiers are not supported for whole-system search nor for chained parameter search. For example, a search with a query string like `subject:Basic.date:missing` will result in an `OperationOutcome` explaining that the search parameter could not be processed.
```

Author: Updated.

> The :text, :above, :below, :in, :not-in, and :of-type modifiers are not supported in this version of the IBM FHIR server and use of this modifier will results in an HTTP 400 error with an OperationOutcome that describes the failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :text, :above, :below, :in, :not-in, and :of-type modifiers are not supported in this version of the IBM FHIR server and use of these modifiers will result in an HTTP 400 error with an OperationOutcome that describes the failure.
```

Author: Updated.
